Uptate HMCL install mrpark help (#42)
modrinth/docs: docs/modpacks/playing_modpacks.md

![Install](../../static/img/tutorial/HMCL3.png)

> You can also use the built-in modrinth search to get modpark to install. In Download->Modpark, click Download Source to switch to Modrinth, then you can search for keywords to get Modpark and install it!

Reviewer: little notes on grammar: this change makes the sentence sound a little better, and fixes the typo in "modpack"

```suggestion
You can also use the built-in modrinth search to get a modpack to install. In Download->Modpack, click Download Source to switch to Modrinth, then you can search for keywords to get the modpack and install it!
```

Author: thank your help!!!
